Support for multiple podman sockets (#371)
hashicorp/nomad-driver-podman: README.md

}
```

> * socket_path (string) Defaults to `"unix:///run/podman/podman.sock"` when running as root or a cgroup V1 system, and `"unix:///run/user/<USER_ID>/podman/podman.sock"` for rootless cgroup V2 systems. Mutually exclusive with socket_path option.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* socket_path (string) Defaults to `"unix:///run/podman/podman.sock"` when running as root or a cgroup V1 system, and `"unix:///run/user/<USER_ID>/podman/podman.sock"` for rootless cgroup V2 systems. Mutually exclusive with `socket` block.
```

}
```

> * socket stanza: If you require to use multiple podman sockets (rootful/rootless), you can define a list of them. Mutually exclusive with socket_path option.

Reviewer: HCL has "blocks", not "stanzas" (lots of docs have this wrong, unfortunately). Also, because the `socket` block itself has a `socket_path`, it'd be good to disambiguate which field we mean just to be super-clear. How about:

```suggestion
* socket block: Configures a single podman socket. You can define multiple `socket` blocks if you need to use multiple podman sockets (for example, rootless vs rootful sockets). Mutually exclusive with the top-level `plugin.config.socket_path` option.
```

}
```

> * **socket** - (Optional) The name of the socket as defined in the socket stanza in `client.hcl`. Defaults to "default" as socket.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* **socket** - (Optional) The name of the socket as defined in the socket block in the client agent's plugin configuration. Defaults to the socket named "default".
```
